is the nine millionth ring store we've
been to and I can't find a perfect ring
ugly ring ugly ring ugly ring
it's a beautiful selection okay so maybe
you don't get a ring
maybe you way do you do something
different you know maybe you get her an
engagement bracelet you know or an
engagement tiara Oh an engagement
Revolutionary War musket you know I'm so
glad I picked you to help me with this
can't you just imagine getting down on
one knee and handing her this gorgeous
piece of weaponry yeah I'm gonna stick
with the ring oh this one's nice I like
this one sir kind sir can I see this one
and this this is the reason you brought
me okay I know how to haggle so let me
handle this from here on out can I help
you uh yeah yes I would like to see that
ring please or not whatever this ring is
from the 1920s it's a one and a half
carat diamond the sapphires on either
side sir can I ask you two um could you
hold out that ring and ask me to marry
you okay will you marry me oh my god
that's it that's the ring how much is it
Chandler I will handle this how much is
it eight thousand six hundred we will
give you $10 are you interested in this
ring yes yes but I can only pay $8,000
okay I can let it go for eight we stand
firm at $10 how would you like to pay uh
uh credit card oh no no no but I let my
credit card to Joey okay I'll go get it
you guard the ring listen I'm sorry
about before
do you have anything here for $10 uh yes
I have these two rather beautiful five
dollar bills
I'll give you $1 for okay I'd also like
to try on V tiara oh yeah okay Wow
what do you think too much ATandT take
the tiara back and let me hold the
musket again
something's missing it's not okay oh let
me see the ring that my friend picked
out was the nineteen twenties
princess-cut ring I just sold it to that
gentleman oh my god
Rachel no all right Paul
okay
Chandler did your dad ever hug you no
did he hug you it's just that my dad
never did I miss my dad well you can see
my dad and Vegas kissing other dads
hey Chandler yeah would you would you
hug me I'm a little busy here Paul
success what my dad used to say okay a
quick one come on hug it out hey there
you go
okay try more seconds Kay
Joey
hi Paul is it do you have my credit card
yeah it's in my in my pocket my back
pocket back ha God hey listen I got us
tickets to a Knicks game tonight oh I
can't go oh come on it'll be fun me you
and Ross and Paul
probably